So we've created
a trademark look
for each of you.I'm gonna be
a fake redhead?
All they're doing
is enhancing the color,
and she just
started crying.
Take it off and come on.
Krislian:
I hate my hair.
This definitely is testing
my confidence.
I asked you nicely
if you guys could
please shut down.
Tash: I have never
met one person
who knows how to play
that victim role
as well as
Courtney.
You were a ( bleep ).
The girl who
is one step closer
to becoming
"America's Next
Top Model" is...
Krislian.
I don't understand why
they don't
see anything in me,
because I am everything.
Wow.
Totally
cannoli, y'all.
When Rita said that I got
best photo,
I was pretty shocked.
And it was a pretty
amazing feeling.
I'm proud of you.
Kinda feel like it looks
slightly alien-like.
But it's dope.
It's not really
causing good vibes
in the house,
but for me personally,
I'm feeling great.
There's some tension
between Courtney and I.
She's got tactics.
She really knows
how to make herself
look like the victim
even though
she is an evil little
conniving thing herself.
I'm not trying to be
insensitive, Krislian,
but, like,
I'm really glad
I was not bottom
two. So...
Think I'm gonna start,
like, dressing like a boy
every time
I go to panel or something.
With the judges,
it's really hard
because they
have me typecast
as this sexy Instagram
model, which I'm not.
The only thing that I see
is sexy, though.
So my fear
is that we can't
go into the other realm
of editorial
and this and that.
I don't know
how to change it.
It's such
a bad feeling.
Yeah, it really,
really sucks.
( phone ringing )
- Hello?
- Hi, pretty baby.
It's really, really,
really hard
to be away from
family and my friends.
...counting seconds.
I cannot wait.
I think I'm gonna be in LA
the end of September
because the Drake/Future
concert is out there,
and he has VIPs.
I feel like
my life is going on
without me.
It's a horrible feeling.
I'm gonna miss out
on everything.
Oh, my God.
Ashley, by the way,
I have, like,
the most
beautiful hair
right now.
- You have no idea.
- ( gasps )
Oh, my God.
Shut the--
- Cory, I cannot.
- Yeah.
- Is it blonde?
- It's beautiful.
I really, really
miss my friends.
- I love you so much.
- Oh, I love you so much.
- Be good, girl.
- Bye.
Tatiana:
This Tiramisu's a good
lip liner, y'all.
I literally go
in the Rimmel room,
like, every day.
I mean,
it's so many cool
lip shades in there,
so many eyeliners.
It's just insane.
The London look
is legit.
Rita alert!
Hey, guys.
Rita alert.
Hi, ladies,
being a brand
is not only about
who you are,
but how you present
yourself to the world.
Remember,
don't be a follower.
Let them follow you.
The social media
challenge.
Giah:nThis week is gonna
be all about social
media.
But it's kinda depressing
coming in without
so many followers
like the other girls,
but I know that I know
how to take a good picture.
- Hi ladies.
- All: Hey.
Today is all about
building your brand
through social media
and apps like Snapchat.
Tatiana:nSocial media is
super important for models
nowadays,
because a photo of you
in an editorial magazine,
it'll only reach
X amount of people.
But photos that are online
and on social media,
they reach the world.
The bigger and the better
that I am,
the bigger and better
my brand is.
I want you to meet
someone whose
social media presence
has taken him
to a whole new level.
He's a deejay,
a record label executive,
and he's a master
of social media...
- DJ Khaled!
- ( all screaming )
Khaled has been
a significant figure,
not only for me,
but an inspiration
for so many people.
And you can tell,
not only
by his following,
but by how
he controls it.
He's so smart.
I'm gonna let him
explain it himself.
- Go ahead.
- Um, you know, I want
to tell y'all today
how important it is
to brand yourself
and to be self made.
Social media
is a big thing.
You know why it's a big thing?
'Cause we're in control of it.
The key is
is to put
a good message
out there.
I'm great at Snapchat,
and I could tell you
you can get a lot out
in ten seconds.
You know,
I like taking pictures
with the sun hittin' me.
You know what I'm saying?
And-- and I--
and I put a message...
- "The sun
is shining on me."
- Mm-hmm.
- "They can't stop me."
- They can't!
"I will never quit."
You know what I'm saying?
So you need to put
messages with your personality,
with our beautiness,
and that's the key.
All right,
so here's what
we're gonna do.
You're gonna be
split into teams of two.
And you're gonna
hit the streets
to film one another
wearing Tezenis lingerie.
I'm not only
a model for this brand,
I also design
for the brand,
and it's the biggest
lingerie brand overseas.
As you know,
this is about finding a boss,
someone who wins,
takes it to the next level,
and you're gonna be fine
for the next 25, 30 years.
All right, so your team
will have 30 minutes
to film
a compelling story.
And like Snapchat,
you have ten seconds.
Krislian: Social
media has definitely
helped me with
my modeling career,
and that is one thing
that I'm really good at.
I have 50,000 followers
right now.
I should have
the upper hand
in this challenge.
That's the problem.
I'm not supposed
to look sexy anymore.
Sweetheart.
Sweet-- everybody,
how y'all doin'?
How you doin'?
So listen.
To be a superstar,
you have to be a superstar.
The fans and the people
that's gonna support you,
they have to be
connected with you.
They have to believe in you.
We're superstars,
but the only way to do that
is to really be it, live it.
- So are we all on
the same page?
- All: Yes.
On three say "Major key."
One, two, three...
- All: Major key.
- Let's go.
We're right out here
into this main intersection.
And then I have
like a little catchphrase.
So we hit
the streets of New York
to take our snaps.
Okay, ready?
Walking around
the streets of New York
with nothing
but lingerie on,
it's kinda fun.
Beautiful city,
bold Tezenis designs,
and one brilliant mind.
Now that's a major key.
Makes you feel like
a celebrity,
and it kind of gets you
out of your head a little bit.
Sometimes it's really fun
to transform in your lingerie,
other times it's more fun
to just be yourself.
Aah!
- I like that.
- I like this one a lot.
- You said message.
- Yeah, message and...
- She's on a scooter.
- I don't know
where she found it.
- What I love this
- is she's being herself.
- Yeah.
Let's find a good
background and a good lighting.
Well, no,
this is just
for practice.
When I got assigned
with me and Courtney,
I felt good.
How do we flip it around?
I got you.
Say that part.
No, remember?
How do we flip it around?
But Courtney,
when she's frustrated,
her attitude
just comes out.
This is camera.
But if you go to video,
it doesn't do it.
We have 30 minutes.
So I feel like we did not
have enough time.
We're running out
of time.
So here we go.
Beauty isn't defined
by the color of your skin.
Right?
Wait, this might not be
the right app.
The challenge,
it stressed me out,
and it was a big
hot mess.
Girl, we don't have time.
Let's do more and watch it later
when we've decided.
My video isn't in here.
Give me a second.
It's not?
Okay, let's check.
Let's check.
Arguing with me
is not going to make this--
- Let's check!
- You take the phone.
I was doing
everything for you.
What the ( bleep )
did you do for me?
- I tried to get you to
speak. - Nothing, you
stupid-ass, bitch!
- ( clatter )
- Is everybody okay?
- What happened? What
happened? - She fell, she hit
her head
and her back
and her arm.
I don't like anything
about it. I don't like the
story.
I don't like
you at the bar.
Everything looks cheap.
I'm sorry.
I'm not impressed.
Okay, let me record mine.
I can't do this.
- Listen, okay?
- I can't-- I'm not...
No, we're not
playing that game.
Binta!
Today's challenge
is creating a Snapchat story
while wearing lingerie
in the streets of New York.
- Give me a second.
- It's not?
Okay, let's check.
Arguing with me
is not going to make it--
- Let's check!
- You take the phone.
That's a good thing.
It was a big hot mess.
I want you in my video.
Okay, that's fine.
The most important vessel
that you have
is your body
and your mind.
Be good to it.
Appreciate it.
And if you don't,
they're gonna hate on it.
I like the way
she worked the camera.
- Yeah, the angle's great.
- You know, the angle's great,
and then at
the end of the day,
as she was being very bold
with a very bold statement.
I think we should do it
how we had it last time
where you were--
Courtney was just
freaking out about everything
instead of just
focusing on the product.
Beauty isn't defined
by the color of your skin
or the scars on your back.
It's defined
by being beautiful
in what
you already have
and loving each other
and your soul.
She's very confident here,
and at a time like this,
we need to have
more messages like this.
- Ready?
- Beauty is about power.
Everyone is unique
in Tezenis lingerie.
One, two, three.
In a dull world,
everybody needs a pop of color.
Tezenis.
- Tezam.
- Whoo!
- Surprise.
- He's so handsome.
- Oh, my God.
- Yeah?
New York city
is very intimidating.
In LA, all you really need
to be is cute
to be able to be invited
to fun things.
But, um, being here,
I'm like, oh, my God.
I have to talk to people
and make an impression
on them and stuff.
So, yeah,
I really miss my life
a lot in LA.
So I have
small boobies,
and I have
a small butt.
But do you
still find me sexy?
Thanks, Tezenis.
I don't like
that she stereotyped
the small butt,
small boobs,
because every body
is beautiful.
Major key.
Being a top model's
about way more than
just having
a pretty face.
It's about bossing up,
owning it,
and glowing from
the inside out.
Snapchat is one
social media outlet
that I am still
trying to grasp.
It isn't what you see,
it's all about
what's underneath.
I just want
a little more
confidence.
I want them to know
to be a superstar,
you can't act like
a superstar.
- Right.
- We have to be a superstar.
As someone
who lives in the city,
you never really know
when you might have to disrobe.
Tezenis lingerie
is for everyone.
Kyle, she legit did
her story in two takes.
And--
oh, ( bleep ).
- Take it again.
- Yeah.
Me, on the other hand,
I was so distracted 'cause
I hear, like, the judges'
criticism in my head
that I'm too sexy.
In a city like New York,
confidence is everything.
When I wear Tezenis,
I feel empowered from it.
"Wear lingerie, Krislian,
but don't be sexy."
That's easier said
than done.
So we've seen your videos.
The winnerof this challenge
is getting a great prize.
You will be
featured as a model
in an upcomingrunway show
for Tezenis in Italy.
The winner
of this challenge is...
- Courtney.
- What?
Shut the ( bleep ) up.
I'm so sorry.
I did not mean to cuss.
You put a
message out there
and you made me
not look at nothing else
and accept your message.
And you made me
almost shed a tear.
Binta:
I am pissed off because
the only reason
she won that competitionis
because I was standing there
and my skin tone
was in the video.
I feel like
the message is not genuine
based on what went on
behind the scenes.
It's fraud.
You guys,
when we get inside,
we're gonna have
a little ice cream party
for the top 12.
All: Yay.
Binta:
You.
You need to hear
what the ( bleep )
I'm saying...
that will go outside,
make yourself look like
a good-ass person
when you're hella ( bleep )
fake as ( bleep ).
Okay?
The reason you won
that ( bleep ) challenge
is because myself.
I was in that video.
- So I'm telling you this...
- Courtney:Really?
Yeah.
Work on yourself.
Next photo shoot
I promise you.
Best photo?
I'ma show you, okay?
Courtney:
Jealousy is a horrible
emotion, girl.
- Binta: Jealousy, my
ass. I don't give a ( bleep
). - It is jealousy.
It is jealousy.
I stood in ( bleep )
14 of your videos!
- Lies! Lying! Lie!
- You didn't know how to stand.
That is what--
that is the truth.
From the first day
I saw Courtney, I saw, like,
a little evil in her.
You were aggressive.
I was aggressive.
We couldn't get along.
We couldn't agree.
- Nothing--
- You're lyin'!
- Binta!
Binta.
I don't know how you think
that you have
the right to step in
and yell at me
the way that you're doing
in front of everyone on the bus,
but that's not okay.
Seriously, like,
there's a way
to come at people,
and that wasn't
one of them.
My ass!
You don't deserve it.
You do not deserve it.
I was being
a team player to you,
but you were not being
a team player with me.
- I was doing
everything for you.
- I tried to get you...
What the ( bleep )
were you doing? Nothing,
you stupid-ass bitch!
I can't wait until you
guys get eliminated.
You know how
you're gonna look on TV,
so good luck with that.
Today you shut me up.
Tash:
Coming back from
the Snapchat challenge
Binta got really angry
and upset with Courtney,
And I'm like,
it's not just me.
This girl's
frickin' crazy,
and somebody else
notices it, too.
It started off
very stressful, okay?
And regardless,
we're not gonna agree
on how it went.
But I'm telling you,
if I hurt your feelings
and I snapped at you,
- I am sorry.
- ...it was not genuine.
She was just saying that
just to say that.
I really believe
in karma a lot
and I know it's gonna
come back around.
Can you guys
please just stop?
Tash:
You know this always
happens to you.
You know how
you're gonna look on TV.
So good luck with that.
I can't wait
until you guys
get eliminated
because then
it's just gonna be
a huge karma thing.
- It really is.
- Oh, no, baby.
We're here to stay.
- You honestly think that?
- Oh, yeah.
Do you honestly think that
with your attitude?
Paige:
Some people have been more
focused on fighting.
It would be better to stay
focused while being here,
because if you make
one mistake,
you could be going home.
Tash:
Like, I was not supposed to be
part of this at all today,
but for some reason,
like, I'm in it.
But you've been
getting yourself
involved in everything
and that's what I'm saying,
- is that that's not cool.
- I just looked at you,
and you didn't like it.
I mean, you gotta deal
with people looking at you.
- You're just so
- You don't even--
no, don't even say that.
I'm done 'cause you--
you're gonna say things
that you don't know
anything about?
All right, it doesn't matter
'cause I'm switching rooms.
They wanna keep saying
these things, then fine.
I'll win
this competition,
and then I'll have
all of you saying,
"( bleep ),
I probably shoulda been
nice to her."
- ( clatter )
- Is everybody okay?
- Ugh!
- Who is it?
What happened?
I slipped and hit my head
and my back and my arm.
- You guys.
- Huh?
- Can I get some help?
- I'm coming.
- You all right, Court?
- Uh-uh.
She fell.
She hit her head
and her back and her arm.
Oh, ( bleep ).
Are you all right, babe?
It hurts so bad.
- Is it right here?
- Mostly my arm.
- Which one? This one?
- This one, yeah.
Don't touch it.
It's like really...
- I see a scar.
- Where does it hurt?
Something right here is red.
Did you hit
your back right here?
I have ice packs.
Giah:
Courtney is a bit
of a baby.
I fell down the stairs
two times already,
and ain't nobody helped me
and ain't cry.
And I ain't break my arm.
I have an ice pack.
Yo, if this
( bleep ) broken,
I'm, like,
out of the competition.
This sucks.
I feel like
she wants attention
from everybody
and anybody,
and it's not okay.
Tash:
Courtney likes to play
the victim.
"I'm frail
and my back hurts."
So she completely
deserved it.
Karma is a bitch.
All right,
tell me if it's too tight.
- Too tight?
- Ow.
It's pressing on
the bone right there
and it really hurts.
Hello, hello.
Come on in.
- Welcome to our crib.
- I haven't been here yet.
I just wanted
to introduce you to one
of my great friends
and the editorial director
of "Paper Magazine,"
- Mickey Boardman.
- ( cheering )
Mr. Mickey.
I love Mr. Mickey.
He's a such an
instrumental of "Paper,"
so when he's in sight,
I'm just like, "Wow."
Now, I got to turn it up
that extra notch.
I'm so happy to meet you.
I'm here to personally
invite you
to the "Paper Magazine"
Sexy Issue
VIP Party tonight.
- Oh, my God!
- ( cheering )
Tonight's gonna be
all about creating amazing
stories via photos.
- And guess what.
- All: What?
Tonight, you guys
are gonna be the stars.
- ( cheering )
- Oh, my God.
Yes!
Social media
is really important
and those photos really
show your world
to all of your followers.
So after tonight's party
you're gonna select
three images
that best tell the
storyof the night.
These images will be
judged at tomorrow's panel,
so make sure that
you choose carefully.
I'm immediately
just ecstatic
because we have full
creative control over this
shoot.
We are the photographers.
But it's also nerve-wracking,
because at panel,
if you go home,
it's completely
your fault.
Now, there are
12 dresses on this rack
and there are 12 of you,
so make these dresses work
for yourself.
So we will see you
at the party.
( cheering )
- Yes!
- Got it.
- Oh, it's nice.
- Gucci.
Courtney snatches
the dress that I chose.
Even-- I feel like
I have some scratch marks
on my arm from her.
This is a competition.
When I go around
and I grab the dress
and you say "That's
the dress that I want,"
I don't care.
I think the one thing that
I'm getting from you a lot of
is you're a complainer.
So this shoot today
is to actually be
the photographer
and take photos of things
at the "Paper Magazine" party.
Everyone's sees
"Paper Magazine"
on social media,
so it's insane,
it's top-notch.
I was excited.
Rita alert!
Come on, girls.
Hi, ladies.
So, are you guys excited
for tonight's "Paper" party?
All: Yes.
Tonight I want you
to focus on another element
of social media,
creating beautifully
curated photographs,
and I'm sending over
the best person to help you.
- What?
- She's an in demand model,
and an expert at using
social media
- to enhance her brand.
- No.
She's been featured
in "Love Magazine,"
"British GQ."
You're gonna
love her. Bye.
( chattering )
( cheering )
My name is
Jasmine Sanders.
I'm known as Golden Barbie
on social media.
I, at an early age,
locked in that name
and started using that
towards my brand,
just because
it's something fun.
Krislian:
I've been following
Golden Barbie
for a while
on social media.
I love her.
She is so inspiring.
She is such
a great role model.
Social media has a huge play
in your career.
Key points-- you always,
always, always
have to find
good lighting.
Find a great place
in your surroundings.
You get to go
to beautiful places.
Show it off.
Get in your comments.
They want you
to interact with them.
What about the bad
comments? That's what I'm scared
of.
And my thing is,
don't ever entertain it.
It will come
right back on you,
and it will be attached
to your brand
- for longer than you
want it to be.
- Right.
Once it's on the Internet,
you're done.
Courtney:
Golden Barbie told us to show
off your friends.
Specifically for tonight,
she told us make sure
your lighting is killer.
That's about it
that I have for you.
- Thank you.
- I was a bit jealous...
Yeah?
India:
We're going to go to a VIP
"Paper Magazine" party.
I was super excited
about that.
I'm putting on this dress
and it's good, good,
good, good, good,
until I get about halfway
and it's not even close.
This dress is tiny.
How am I gonna talk someone
into switching with me?
The first girl
I went to was Kris
because she had the big,
loose purple dress.
Just, I can't, like,
really breathe.
I almost feel like
I'm scared to wear this dress
because it is really
short and revealing
and a little skimpy cut.
- Yeah.
- Too sexy.
I don't wanna go home.
I've worked my butt off
to be here,
and her dress
is super tight and skinny
which made me
really nervous,
but that is exactly why
I didn't grab it.
It's too...
I can't wear it.
Would one of you be able
to pin the dress for me?
I don't have a safety pin,
but there has to be
somewhere here.
I see that her dress
isn't fitting her well.
She has a bandage
on her arm,
and I am just
happy about it
because I'm like, good,
karma's coming around.
Man:
Hello, hello.
- We are at a party!
- Hurray!
You guys remember
Mr. Mickey.
All: Yeah!
I want you guys
to have lots of fun,
but remember,
this is part of
the competition,
so we're gonna be looking
at these pictures tomorrow.
I'm gonna take something.
So the story concept for
my three photos is a misfit
who goes to
a "Paper Magazine" party.
She's not really fitting
in, and then finally she finds
the perfect crew
to hang out with.
These two are
looking at me
and I'm looking dead
into the camera.
Have you got it?
Oh, I love it!
I love it, I love it.
I love it.
Thank you, thank you.
Try to get
my attention, okay?
The story, I titled it
"On The Prowl."
I show up to the club,
I see these cute boys,
and they happen to be twins,
and I end up taking
them both home with me.
I love it.
Got it? Okay.
I call myself "One Take
Jake," and now I can just
relax.
I killed it.
I noticed that Tash
is hanging around
trying to join the party.
Like, if you're not
taking it serious now,
then you're not
in the competition
for the right reason.
- Oh, Marissa!
- Does it work?
( laughs )
Boom!
This literally looks
like a magazine spread.
Yes! Thank you.
Are you happy
with your angles?
You're looking beau--
there you go.
That one is good.
Krislian: There is
nothing the judges
can tell me
that was too sexy.
I wore the frumpiest dress
I could find.
I didn't do any sexy faces
in my pictures.
I tried to do
as editorial as I could.
I did the
complete opposite
of what Krislian
would normally do.
Now you have to go home
and choose those three photos
that tell the story
of your night.
- Yes.
- I will see you tomorrow.
All: Whoo!
Coryanne:
I'm always gonna be a little
nervous going into panel,
but I think
if I exude confidence
and I'm able to express
my message and my story,
they're gonna like it.
So it's that one for sure.
I'm not too worried. Always
confident, never cocky.
I'm not safe,
but I'm not feeling like
I'm going home.
Man, it's just
really scary that someone's
gonna be sent home
- from the cellphone
challenge.
- Yeah.
And that's another thing
is, like, are we gonna be
able to talk
and explain our stories?
Or can you just
look at the pictures
- and be like,
"Oh, this is a story."
- We'll be able to tell.
Krislian:
These last few panels
have been especially
hard for me.
I don't think I'm sexy.
I'm competent.
Like, it's my career.
It's my job to
be competent.
It's just, like,
really stressful.
I don't wanna go home.
- Hi, ladies.
- All: Hi.
Let's say hello
to our amazing judges.
Gorgeous super model
Ashley Graham.
The image architect
to the stars, Law Roach.
And our incredible
creative consultant
and Chief Creative Officer
at "Paper Magazine,"
Drew Elliott.
The winner of ANTM
will receive $100,000
and be featured in a commercial
thanks to Rimmel London.
In addition, the winner
will also be featured
in a fashion spread
with "Paper Magazine,"
and one of you will get
an exclusive
one year
talent deal with VH1.
This week you learned all
about the power of social media.
We sent you to a "Paper" party
where you played photographer
and to capture your night.
Let's start and see
who told the best story.
First up, Tatiana.
Let's take a look
at your picture.
Law: You get it.
You always look phenomenal.
You always have a great walk.
Your hair is always right.
You are a star
and I am in love with you.
For me, overall,
this is a great photograph.
I mean, it's fun.
It's very cute.
I'm always a bit dodgy about
not having myself in a
photo,
but that's just me.
Okay, so next up, Giah.
Ashley:
See, that's how you
lay on men.
This looks fun.
This looks like
I wanna follow you.
This looks like I wanna be
part of your brand.
This looks like I'm waiting
for your EP to drop.
- Giah, thank you so much.
- Thank you, guys.
Thank y'all so much.
- Paige.
- Hi, judges.
Ashley:
Wow! This story
is so interesting.
It's moody, it's cool.
You're edgy.
I think this is fashion. This is
a great statement.And I love,
love, love your look for the
night.
I love that I can't recognize
anybody else apart from you.
I mean, the blond stands out.
The lighting is perfect.
You put the brand in there.
That's you.
Yeah, and to me it looks
like an editorial.
This is really,
really well done.
- It's fun.
- Congratulations, and you
have won me over this week.
- Good job.
- Thank you.
Rita:
Cody, tell us your story.
Cody:
I feel a lot of people
act like they're the life of
the party all the time.
How can everyone be
the life of the party
at the same time?
It just doesn't
make any sense to me.
You just said to us,
"How can someone be the life
of the party?"
That goes right along
with you being a twin,
because you've never
had that moment.
We really need to start
playing this competition
as sole competitors.
So I want you to be
the life of the party.
That is what this challenge
and this photo shoot
was all about.
When I'm selling lingerie,
when I'm selling my swimsuits
and my dresses,
I am the life
of the party.
I'm always gonna look
like the life of the party
on my social media
because I want her to buy
into what I'm selling.
Thank you.
Rita:
Binta.
I love this.
I love the angle.
I love your friend.
I love that you just look
like you're not human,
which is
incredible for me.
It's just cool.
The way you stand
and the way you speak to us,
it's just something
that's very posh,
I wanna say, about you
that I enjoy watching.
Thank you.
Rita:
Courtney.
Drew, let's
start with you.
Drew: It's so hard with you
because you always hit it.
You always do it.
You're always delivering
exactly what I want.
Always, always.
This first photo
is exactly what I wanted
everyone to do,
and it's really,
really perfect.
Even with my arm hurting
and my leg hurting,
I did deliver the photo.
I, like, actually
fell down the stairs,
and I used my arm
to kind of brace my fall,
so that I wouldn't hurt my back,
and I bruised my bone.
Every single time
I've ever met you,
I hear something
is wrong with you.
You're a complainer.
You complain a lot.
Your elbows always hurt,
you always have a cold,
you're in ailment mood
100% of the time.
Fix that, because
that's perfect, okay?
So, I need that
to be fixed now.
I was so excited
with the first picture,
but by the end
I was bored.
It was like,
you lost the story.
You lost the fantasy.
You lost the excitement.
I'm not hugely
impressed with that,
but you did win
the challenge for me.
That's all
I'm focusing on, okay?
The photos?
I think you're amazing.
I don't think
that's amazing.
I think the first
photo is really cool,
and I love that you have
a story to tell
and take us through
Wonderland,
but I think you really
could have been Alice.
Okay, Courtney,
thank you, thank you.
Next up, Tash.
Ashley: I don't love it.
I think it's a little basic.
I think you added
too many elements to it,
too many people.
I think social media
and branding is really about
you, you, you.
I don't like anything about it.
I don't like the story.
I don't like you at the bar.
Everything looks cheap.
I do like that last shot,
to be honest.
It just looks like
it's the still from, like,
a movie or something.
Thank you.
- Marissa.
- Hi, cutie patootie.
Ashley: To me, this story
is a model story.
Like this is definitely
like what a model would post.
It's fun.
I wanna be there with you.
I think you could have
elevated it a little more.
I wanna see the comments
I get from the photographer.
"She's fun.
I love working with her.
She's up for anything." I
don't see up for anything.
I'm sorry.
I'm not impressed.
Thank you.
Okay, so next up, India.
India, this just looks like
I wanna be part
of your friend group.
Yeah. Party girl.
One thing I really
wanted to see was that,
you know, you guys could make
girls wanna be your friends,
wanna be a part of this kind
of party that you're creating,
and it just looks like
you didn't take yourself
too seriously. It's great.
I have to say,
just from an Instagram
connoisseur, myself,
I hate too many group shots.
I would have liked to see
just you in one photo,
because you're
selling yourself--
the boss, the brand,
the business.
At the end of the day,
this is what you're selling.
This is what
you're selling.
These might be
what you're selling.
- There should have been
one India.
- Okay.
- Thank you so much.
- Thank you, guys.
Rita: Kyle.
I like how proud you are of,
one, your sexuality,
two, of your friends.
three, I like how
you are in charge.
I don't care
for any of this.
You above everyone else,
probably have
the strongest brand,
and this does not show me
that you have that brand
that I know that you do.
- Rita: Thank you.
- Yeah, thanks, guys.
Coryanne.
I don't like that you
are giving other women
in your photograph
attention.
I mean, I'm all for making it
look like I have friends
and this is-- trust me--
but I feel like this
is very like,
"Can we take
a photo together?
I see a super model
and I see that there's
a diva inside you,
but I don't see it
in this story.
I really want you
to stay focused
because I feel like
there's something in you
that could lose
focus very easily.
You're beautiful.
Stop hiding.
Like, stop hiding
because you didn't know
how to do your hair.
Stop hiding and taking
pictures with other girls.
Like, it does you
a disservice.
Your look was so different
from everyone else's
that you could have really
stood out tonight.
- Krislian.
- Ashley: You wanna start?
I wanna start.
I wanna start!
- Law gets to start.
- Why?
No!
I'm the host of the show!
It's not happening.
- You're not
taking the crown.
- Drew: Okay, Law.
- We have a history.
- No! I'm not--
you're not starting.
Can I just say--
can I just say that I would
literally buy everything
- Everything.
- that is on this photograph?
You went a whole other,
like, few levels up.
Rita:
You should be so proud
of this challenge.
Okay, I'm done.
You know I've been very vocal
about the way I felt
about you and your appearance,
and I just I wanna say,
it's not because
I just don't like you.
It's tough love.
Because for me, each week
you have been the same girl
that we saw in casting.
No matter what advice
we gave you,
it's always been the same
look, the same walk, the same--
today you shut me up.
You look amazing.
You know, last week you
were in the bottom two.
You nearly went home.
And when we heard that this week
was all about social media,
I thought it is going to be
sink or swim for her.
Either we're going to see
catalog model cheese,
or we're gonna see her
sell it and bring the brand,
and you did
a phenomenal job.
Oh, my God.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Models, now we'll have
a little chat to decide
who will be
getting best photo
and who will be packing
their bags and leaving.
All right, judges,
we have to decide
who did the best and who
did the worst this week.
Let's start with Paige.
She definitely gave
an editorial moment.
She fit into her haircut.
She's, to me,
one of the top.
Krislian, she really
came through.
Thank God, this is
the Instagram challenge,
because this is where
she shined.
Yeah, I told you,
I told you, I told you.
Knowing that I have
your guys' support,
- like, honestly--
- Woman: Oh, for sure.
you guys know
how devastated I--
that's what
I even told them.
I had Kyle's support.
Like, her energy--
I was like,
"Your energy, seriously?"
Kyle was like, "Babe."
I'm like really freaking out.
She's holding my hand.
"Kris, you've got this.
You've got this."
Rita: Let's talk
about the girls
that didn't do
so well this week.
Tash, Tash, Tash.
Tash's curation
on Instagram was horrible.
The color of the dress,
the random extras
that were in there.
She made a very posh...
sexy party...
look like someone's
basement.
It just didn't work.
I'm so disappointed
this week.
Rita: Okay,
so what about Coryanne?
- What's going on?
- There's a disconnect.
I don't know if she really
wants to be a model, honestly.
She does not have
what it takes to win
- "America's Next Top
Model." - She ain't got no
spunk.
What do you think?
Have we decided?
- Yep.
- I think so.
Yes.
Welcome back, ladies.
The judges have deliberated.
If I call your name,
you'll be staying another week
to prove you have
what it takes
to be the next Top Model.
The contestant with the best
photo this week was...
Krislian.
You really,
really blew us away.
Congratulations.
Next.
Binta.
Good job.
Paige.
Tatiana, good job.
Giah.
India.
Courtney. Marissa.
Kyle.
The next name
I'm about to call is Cody.
Coryanne and Tash,
can you please step forward?
Tash, between you
and your sister,
two may be too much.
Your story looks like
you're just coasting along,
and we're worried
you're just getting lost.
Even with an amazing new look,
you still can't seem
to pull yourself
out of the middle
of the pack.
Coryanne, you've
been here before,
and during this competition
you've been up and down.
But this week, you're back
in the bottom two.
The judges are nervous
that you can't be consistent.
And, unfortunately, it seems
your head is not in this
game.
You've really need to be
the best Coryanne
that you can be,
because you're gorgeous.
Congratulations...
Coryanne.
You made it another week,
and you still have a chanceto
become the next Top Model.
I'm going to miss you.
- I'm so sorry, Tash.
- Thank you.
I got to do things that I never
ever thought that I could do,
and I got to do them
with my sister.
If Cody wins
this competition,
I'll be so freaking
proud of her.
You deserve it.
You're a freaking
super star, girl.
Don't cry.
So you better win this.
You better win it.
And I want half
of the money.
And I love you.
So you better take this.
You got it.
I'm done with the whiners,
and I'm done with
the pity parties.
It's driving me
a little bit freaking nuts.
I'm going to take you
all into the world
of avant garde fashion.
These shoes, I'm telling
you, I ain't lying when I say
they couldn't even
stand on their own.
The next name
I'm gonna call--
I think we're
making a mistake.
We see your beauty.